President Biden says a ceasefire in Gaza
is much closer than it's ever been but
that it's not there yet negotiators will
meet again next week to try to finalize
an agreement between Israel and Hamas
for a ceasefire and also the release of
hostages it comes after the funeral of a
22-year-old Palestinian man shot dead
when Jewish settlers stormed his village
last night the attack took place in jit
in the north of the occupied West Bank
and was condemned by the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu our Middle
East correspondent Lucy Williamson
reports no one knows who made Rashid as
cidi a Village
Hero who shot the young it worker as he
threw stones to keep armed Jewish
settlers at Bay but they know who to
blame even the ambulance that came for
him was blocked by the army they waited
until he died the blame is more on the
army because they are not controlling
the settlers they protect them his
mother said she didn't know if it was a
settler or a soldier who fired the Fatal
shot rashid's brother Mahi took me to
where he was
killed the village boundary fence broken
in several
places a neighbor said dozens of
settlers gathered here last night and
that he heard a hail of gunshots he said
he called the Israeli Army who who took
2 hours to arrive the Army said they
deployed within
minutes residents say the settlers were
masked armed and organized into groups
some dressed all in black some all in
white Hassan was at home with his family
when they came down this road his
surveillance camera caught the moment
they confronted him setting fire to his
car and entering his family compound
they were all armed with automatic
weapons light weapons pepper spray their
attack was organized they had a clear
goal to kill or burn here we are unarmed
they have the government supporting them
we have nothing except
ourselves Israel is under Fierce
International scrutiny over settler
violence in the West Bank Israel's Army
says it has launched a thorough
investigation into last night's attack
those gathered for rashid's funeral
prayers had little faith in
Justice the body of Rashid a cidi is
leading A procession of anger through
the village of jet people here trace
this violence right back to the behavior
of Israeli security forces and the
policies of Israeli
politicians a Palestinian Village
surrounded by Israeli settlements
distrustful of his Israeli forces
burying their anger along with their
grief let's join Lucy in Jerusalem uh
just now and Lucy there are ceasefire
talks underway what's the latest on
those well we've heard that the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin will
be traveling here on Sunday to give a
push to those ceasefire talks and that
comes after the release of a joint
statement from the international
mediators who are leading this process
including the US they've described the
talks over the last couple of days as
serious and constructive said they were
taking place in a positive atmosphere
but it's not clear exactly what
substantive detail has been agreed what
is clear is that there's enormous
International pressure on both sides to
go the extra mile this time and sign a
deal